Hey, Dexter. I'm in Florida.
I wish I could have joined you.
But unfortunately, then you've been here at the office.
Take care of yourself, and call me if you need anything.
Okay. You too.
Help! Help! Help!
Best out on the sidewalk?
No, he's not breathing.
I do know it's the power. Okay, okay, I'll take care of this until you're come here.
Sand line.
Okay.
Are you okay? Maybe you should go on the ambulance with them.
I'm fine!
He's awake. He's awake.
What are you doing here? Where's Jade?
On a business trip.
What are you talking about? She just got out of the hospital.
She was really excited about the project I gave her.
Probably because it came with such a huge bonus.
You know how she is.
I told her, stay and rest.
Was she insisting? Where does she know?
Chicago.
Good luck finding her there.